in this video I'll show you how to
conduct a word study using the sub to
eject with logo studying the sub 2 agent
has never been easier for example let's
imagine you're reading to the Septuagint
Book of Jonah and you come across
chapter 2 verse 1 where the text says
and the LORD commanded a great sea
monster to swallow Jonah but looking at
the Hebrew text it says in the Lord
provided a great fish is it common for
the Septuagint to translate the Hebrew
word for fish with the Greek word sea
monster the answer to this question is
only a few clicks away first I'll
conduct a word study for the Hebrew word
dog in the translation ring we find all
the different ways the lexa English
Bible translates this word but for our
purposes were not interested in how the
English translations render the word but
how the Septuagint translates it so
navigate to the settings drop-down menu
and select sweets version of the
Septuagint immediately logos generates a
translation ring that shows me all the
different ways the Septuagint translates
this word when we click the center of
the Ring logos generates a list of the
verses where the Septuagint translates
the word fish here we find as we might
have expected that a word with the ick
through route is the most common way the
Septuagint translates the word dog we
also find that Joan is the only book in
the Septuagint that uses chaos rendered
sea monster as a translation for this
Hebrew term it appears that the
translator of Jonah broke from the most
common means of translating the Hebrew
text before him this was likely an
interpretive move to further identify
the creature that swallowed Jonah from
here we can go one step further and
explore how the word sea monster is used
throughout the Septuagint and what
Hebrew words it most commonly translates
first conduct another word study for the
Greek term chaos then scroll down to the
Septuagint translation ring and analyze
your results and this is just one way
that Lois enables you to powerfully
study one of the church's earliest and
most important translations of the old
testament to find a base package that
includes all of these features and more
go to logos com / 6